### Conceptual Exercise

Answer the following questions below:

- What is PostgreSQL?

PostgreSql is a relational database management system. It allows us to store data using relationships.

- What is the difference between SQL and PostgreSQL?

SQL is the language used to manage, query, and retrieve data.

PostgreSQL uses/extends SQL to store data.

- In `psql`, how do you connect to a database?

\c database_name;

- What is the difference between `HAVING` and `WHERE`?

WHERE decides which row(s) to use. WHERE filters rows.

HAVING determines which grouped results to keep. HAVING filters groups.

- What is the difference between an `INNER` and `OUTER` join?

INNER join returns a table in memory that includes only the rows the match the condition on both tables.

OUTER join returns a table in memory that includes all the rows from one of the tables, combined with the rows that match the condition from the second table. OUTER can also return all rows from both tables.

- What is the difference between a `LEFT OUTER` and `RIGHT OUTER` join?

LEFT OUTER combines all of the rows from the first table (left), combined with matching rows from the second table (right).

RIGHT OUTER combines the matching rows from the first table (left), combined with all the rows from the second table (right).

- What is an ORM? What do they do?

ORM is object-relational mapping. It is a translation service between object-oriented programming in our server language and relational data in our database. We learned SQLAlchemy, as an example of ORM, to convert data from SQL to objects in Python.

- What are some differences between making HTTP requests using AJAX and from the server side using a library like `requests`?

AJAX requests are asynchronous and the server is synchronous. AJAX requests must respect the single origin policy whereas server requests don't. Server requests can help keep private keys secret since they won't be in the client browser with AJAX.

- What is CSRF? What is the purpose of the CSRF token?

CSRF is cross-site request forgery. Most sites use a "CSRF token" to prevent forms from submitting on any other site. It is generated by the server when a form is shown, is included in the HTML of the form, abd is checked by the server on form submission

- What is the purpose of `form.hidden_tag()`?

This will render all of the hidden input tags and is commonly used to allow values like the CSRF token to be passed through a hidden field on WTForms.
